Added AWS integration docs (#218)
epinio/docs: docs/howtos/aws_iam_integration.md

In AWS the kubernetes cluster in question has to have an IAM policy attached to it which provides the permissions for access to S3.

### Example

Create a policy with

```
aws iam create-policy \
    --policy-name EpinioECEKSClusterPolicy \
    --policy-document \
'{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "s3:ListBucket",
                "s3:PutObject",
                "s3:GetObject",
                "s3:GetBucketLocation",
                "s3:ListAllMyBuckets",
                "s3:CreateBucket",
                "s3:DeleteObject",
                "sts:AssumeRole"
            ],
            "Resource": [
                "*"
            ]
        }
    ]
}'
```

Attach that policy ot the instance role with

```
aws iam attach-role-policy \
    --role-name "<your instance role here>" \
    --policy-arn "<your policy arn here>"
```

The instance role can be determined with:

```
kubectl -n kube-system describe configmap aws-auth | grep rolearn | cut -d':' -f7 | cut -d'/' -f2
```

## Authentication with AWS EKS Service Account

> For an increased security the policy can be attached to just the Epinio pod ServiceAccount. You will also need to create a specific ServiceAccount that will be bound to the staging job with the `server.stagingServiceAccountName` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For increased security the policy can be attached to just the Epinio pod ServiceAccount. You will also need to create a specific ServiceAccount that will be bound to the staging job with the `server.stagingServiceAccountName` value.
```

To use AWS IAM roles for service accounts, an IAM OIDC provider must exist for your cluster's OIDC issuer URL.  

Determine whether you have an existing IAM OIDC provider for your cluster with:

```
oidc_id=$(aws eks describe-cluster --name ${CLUSTER_NAME} --query "cluster.identity.oidc.issuer" --output text | cut -d '/' -f 5)
aws iam list-open-id-connect-providers | grep $oidc_id | cut -d "/" -f4
```

> If output is returned, then you already have an IAM OIDC provider for your cluster and you can skip the next step. If no output is returned, then you must create an IAM OIDC provider for your cluster. Check the AWS guide [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/enable-iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If output is returned, then you already have an IAM OIDC provider for your cluster and you can skip the next step. If no output is returned, then you must create an IAM OIDC provider for your cluster. Check the [AWS guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/enable-iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html) for this task.
```
